Add audit logs documentation (#3085)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/guides/auditing/_index.md

---
title: Auditing
meta_desc: "This page is a guide on how to audit your organization's infrastructure as code activity"
menu:
  userguides:
    identifier: auditing
    weight: 2
---

## Overview

> Audit logs enable you to track the activity of users within an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Audit logs tracks the activity of users within an
```

> organization. They attempt to answer what a user did, when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organization. They record what a user did, when
```

> they did it and where. They help answer these questions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they did it and where. They answer these questions
```

by recording user actions.

> Pulumi's audit logs allow you to account for the activity your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulumi's audit logs let you account for user activity
```

> users are taking within your organization. These logs are available to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within your organization. These logs are available to
```

organizations with an Enterprise level subscription. The logs are immutable and
and record all user actions. Auditing makes the activity
of members in an organization attributable.
The logs capture the UNIX timestamp of the event, the user
who invoked the action, the event that took place, and the source IP
of the call the user made.

> 

Reviewer: Add a sample of a log, e.g.,

```
timestamp, user, event, ip
```

## Viewing Audit Logs in the Console

Audit logs are available to organizations with an Enterprise level subscription

> only. If you are an organization administrator, you can view your organization's audit logs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only. Organization administrators can view your organization's audit logs,
```

> by selecting your organization from the organization drop down. Then click on the settings tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by selecting your organization from the organization dropdown and clicking on the settings tab.
```

> On the left nav-bar you should see a tab called Audit Logs. Clicking here will allow you to view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the left nav-bar is the Audit Logs tab, clicking on the tab displays
```

the most recent audit logs for your organization.

![auditlogs](./auditlogs.png)

> This will show the most recent events in decending order. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This displays the most recent events in descending order. You can
```

> also filter logs by a particular user by clicking on the user's avatar. Doing so will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also filter logs by user by selecting the user's avatar. Doing so will
```

> filter out the events performed by the user you selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filter out the events performed by the selected user.
```

> Audit logs can also be exported to a downloadable csv format. The logs can be exported through the UI Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Audit logs can be exported to a downloadable CSV format through the UI Console
```

by clicking on the `DOWNLOAD` button in the upper left hand corner of the audit logs view.

## Exporting Audit Logs through the API

> The audit logs can be exported through the API using the following endpoint. A `startTime`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The audit logs can be exported through the API. A `startTime`
```

> query parameter must be passed and is used to query audit records _before_ the specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
query parameter must be passed to query audit records _before_ the specified
```

`startTime` (UNIX timestamp).

```
GET https://api.pulumi.com/api/orgs/${org}/auditlogs/export?startTime=${time}
```

> Optionally, a user to filter by can also be specified as a query parameter to filter audit logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, a user can also be specified as a query parameter to filter audit logs
```
